# LedgerEntry

## Description

A ledger entry is an entry in the main ledger. It has a source account, a destination account, and an amount

The source might be None signifying that it's a cash deposit, the sink would on the other hand be None if it's a cash withdrawal

If a transfer is reflected by the ledger entry, then both sink and source will be Some(...). 
The amount must be greater than 0.

## Properties

- **sink** Option<i32>
- **source** Option<i32>
- **amount** : type is amount and the amount must be larger than 0
- **timestamp** chrono::DateTime<Utc>
- **prev_hash** : Option<String> The hash of the previous entry on the ledger chain. This is None for the first-ever entry on the ledger.
- **hash**: String -  a SHA256 calculated on a utf-8 encoded string generated by concatenating the values of the type (excluding the hash field). How this is done and how to ensure stable reproducable hashes is not a matter for the specification but an implementation detail

### note on hashes

All hashes MUST represented as strings and be encoded using Base64 as defined in RFC 4648 §4 (the ‘base64’ alphabet A–Z a–z 0–9 + /) and MUST include = padding. No line breaks or whitespace are permitted.

## business rules
- at least one of sink and source must be not None
- the amount must always be larger than 0

## Functionality
- **to_str** returns anyhow::Result<&str> with the following format for the result: `{timestamp:?} - {source:?} - {sink:?}:  {amount:?}`

- **create** anyhow::Result<LedgerEntry> - should set all fields except the hash. The constructor should however be pub(crate) since it's going to be called from a factory method on the Ledger type. The hash is calculated and is as the only value not provided as an argument. If business ruless are violated an Error is returned and the message would be detailing what rule(s) have been violated

- **get_amount**: returns the amount object of the entry
